annot: Soak the ribs in water
ACTID: 0
PRED: soak
[DOBJ, food] the ribs (-1)
[PP, food, in] water (-1)
annot: peel the apple and kiwi
ACTID: 1
PRED: peel
[DOBJ, food] the apple (-1), kiwi (-1)
annot: cut the apple and kiwi
ACTID: 2
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the apple (1), kiwi (1)
annot: cut the onion and garlic
ACTID: 3
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the onion (-1), garlic (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Crush the chopped ingredients in a food processor
ACTID: 4
PRED: crush
[DOBJ, food] the chopped ingredients (3)
[PP, location, in] a food processor  (-1)
annot: mix the puree with soy sauce, sugar, honey, and sesame oil
ACTID: 5
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the puree (4)
[PP, food, with] soy sauce (-1), sugar (-1), honey (-1), sesame oil (-1)
annot: Add pepper and water to the sauce
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] pepper (-1), water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the sauce (5)
annot: place the meat in a pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the meat (0)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: Pour the marinade over the ribs
ACTID: 8
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the marinade (6)
[PP, food, over] the ribs (7)
annot: grill the short ribs on both sides
ACTID: 9
PRED: grill
[DOBJ, food] the short ribs (8)
[PP, other, on] both sides (-1)